NAMESPACE         NAME                                 ENDPOINTS                                                             AGE
azizxon-final     final-exam                           10.233.66.116:5000                                                    16m
cert-manager      cert-manager                         10.233.67.113:9402                                                    7d23h
cert-manager      cert-manager-cainjector              10.233.65.32:9402                                                     7d23h
cert-manager      cert-manager-webhook                 10.233.66.211:10250,10.233.66.211:9402                                7d23h
default           application                          <none>                                                                37d
default           flaskapp                             <none>                                                                43d
default           flaskapp-clusterip                   <none>                                                                43d
default           frontend-something                   <none>                                                                6m41s
default           golang-app-service                   10.233.65.57:8080,10.233.66.51:8080,10.233.67.225:8080 + 1 more...    32d
default           golang-service-go                    10.233.65.153:8080,10.233.66.44:8080,10.233.67.197:8080 + 1 more...   18d
default           kubernetes                           37.27.12.106:6443                                                     54d
default           my-go-app                            <none>                                                                32d
default           nginx                                10.233.65.224:80                                                      49d
default           nginx-external                       <none>                                                                35d
default           nginx-named-port                     <none>                                                                34d
default           nginxservice                         <none>                                                                35d
default           postgres-db                          <none>                                                                37d
default           prologic-todo                        <none>                                                                46d
default           prologic-todo-nodeport               <none>                                                                46d
default           prologic-todo1                       <none>                                                                46d
default           todo                                 <none>                                                                46d
default           todo-app                             <none>                                                                46d
default           todo-deploy                          <none>                                                                46d
default           todo-deployment                      <none>                                                                46d
default           todo-nodeport                        <none>                                                                41d
default           todo-svc                             <none>                                                                41d
default           todo-xondamir                        <none>                                                                46d
default           todolist-nodeport                    <none>                                                                46d
dilmurod-final    final-exam                           10.233.67.204:5000                                                    21h
dilmurod-final    frontend-something                   10.233.66.171:80                                                      20h
farrukh-final     final-env-exam                       10.233.67.142:5000                                                    20h
farrukh-final     final-env-exam-clusterip             10.233.67.142:5000                                                    20h
farrukh-final     frontend-something                   10.233.66.146:80                                                      19h
fayoz-final       final-exam-service                   10.233.67.110:5000                                                    19h
fayoz-final       frontend-something-service           10.233.67.223:80                                                      36m
ibrohim-final     final-exam-service                   10.233.67.253:80                                                      22h
ingress-nginx     ingress-nginx-controller             65.108.62.223:443,65.21.148.14:443,65.21.184.121:443 + 3 more...      2d3h
ingress-nginx     ingress-nginx-controller-admission   65.108.62.223:8443,65.21.148.14:8443,65.21.184.121:8443               2d3h
j-jumanazarov     practice-6                           10.233.67.205:5000                                                    7h55m
jamshid-final     final-exam                           10.233.66.114:5000                                                    24m
jamshid-final     final-exam-clusterip                 10.233.66.114:5000                                                    9m56s
khurshid-final    final-exam-service                   10.233.67.228:5000                                                    6h
khurshid-final    final-exam-service-cip               10.233.67.228:5000                                                    5h44m
khurshid-final    frontend-something                   10.233.66.23:80                                                       4h55m
kube-system       coredns                              10.233.64.58:53,10.233.65.1:53,10.233.64.58:53 + 3 more...            54d
kube-system       metrics-server                       10.233.64.69:10250                                                    37d
longhorn-system   longhorn-admission-webhook           10.233.65.4:9502,10.233.66.215:9502,10.233.67.241:9502                7d22h
longhorn-system   longhorn-backend                     10.233.65.4:9500,10.233.66.215:9500,10.233.67.241:9500                7d22h
longhorn-system   longhorn-conversion-webhook          10.233.65.4:9501,10.233.66.215:9501,10.233.67.241:9501                7d22h
longhorn-system   longhorn-frontend                    10.233.66.205:8000,10.233.67.90:8000                                  7d22h
longhorn-system   longhorn-recovery-backend            10.233.65.4:9503,10.233.66.215:9503,10.233.67.241:9503                7d22h
osmon-final       final-exam                           10.233.66.202:5000                                                    4h47m
osmon-final       frontend-something                   10.233.66.90:80                                                       3h57m
special           laravel-service                      <none>                                                                47d
special           reg-ing                              10.233.64.71:80                                                       45d
xondamir-final    final-env                            10.233.67.139:5000                                                    3h
xondamir-final    final-env2                           10.233.67.139:5000                                                    177m
zoyirjon-final    final-exam                           10.233.65.175:5000                                                    22h
zoyirjon-final    frontend-something                   10.233.66.86:80                                                       21h
